{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19900\viewh11900\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mission \
As a designer and professional organizer, my mission is to be your champion when your belongings or space has overwhelmed you. My goal is to make every space a unique, organized and well designed home. We will work together to organize, modernize and pair down your belongings; to turn your space into a clean and functional environment. We will take an honest look at your home aspirations and its potential. Whether we tackle one closet, one room or an entire house, I will help you reach those goals and stay on budget. It will be a messy and creative process, full of problems to be solved, but I will help you create, design and execute your dream home.\
\
\
Services\
My services range from the macro to the micro. I work on entire home renovations, closet and moving organization, and everything in-between. We can clean and organize your existing possessions or start from scratch, or a mixture of the two. So let\'92s talk and figure out how best we can work together. Initial consultations are free.\
\
\
Before + After\
\
Park Slope Basement Apartment\
\
On a sleepy street in Park Slope, Brooklyn, there sits a turn of the century Townhouse. In it\'92s basement there was half a centuries worth of junk. Over the course of several months I helped the lovely ladies who live there turn this dingy, cluttered mess into a livable gem of an apartment. Where once lay boxes of trash and piles of forgotten items, now is a clean, modern and comfortable apartment. This was a massive project where we first organized, donated and threw out years of accumulated possessions. Next the space was painted, cleaned and renovated. Finally we juxtaposed the old with the new and designed the space to accommodate real life rather than dusty memories.}